DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Next Stop Naga-Ville!
Runo! Julie, no!
Don't worry, Dan, it's up to Tigrerra to look after them!
We must keep going!
I guess you're right, but...
I can't help worrying...
Well... let's get outta here!
Right!
Hold on!
[screaming]
Holy crud!
Drago, look out for the lightning!
Ah man!
I sure hope you know where you're goin', buddy!
By the looks of the terrain,
I would venture to guess we are in another newly formed world.
One that is a combination of both a Darkus Dimension
and a Pyrus Dimension!
Huh? You sure?
I can't be one hundred per cent certain,
but it would appear so...
It was once Vestroia, but now it's being destroyed
from within!
And to stop its destruction,
we must find Naga!
An army of Darkus Gargonoids!
Drago!
We're surrounded by 'em!
They have absorbed the Negative Energy of this dimension
which has turned them to the Dark Side!
Ah man, we're hooped!
Okay creep!
Ability Activate!
Fire Wall!
Hang on, Dan, this may be a little bumpy!
That's enough!
This isn't a Bakugan Battle,
so there's no reason to fight you!
Now Disperse!
And make it quick!
Vortex Dark Pyrus!
What's goin' on, Drago? Trouble!
Vortex Dark Flame!
Who are those freaks?
Oh, a feisty one!
Welcome to our world!
I hope your stay here is a pleasant one!
It appears we have saved you from the Gargonoids...
[laughs]
I've never seen any of these Bakugan before.
Who are you? Tell us!
I apologize for our late introduction.
I am Centorrior!
And my friends call me Druman!
My friend Druman here
might have been a little presumptuous
when he said he saved you from the Gargonoids.
Yes, my motive was rather greedy,
because the only reason I saved you was...
I want you all to myself!
You're history, Dragonoid!
[scream]
Now off to the Doom Dimension, Dragonoid!
Good riddance!
Vortex Dark Pyrus!
Vortex Dark Flame!
VOICE: Rapid Saber!
It's Nobilion!
What's that old fool doing here anyway?
Just ignore him, Druman.
When the time is right, we'll destroy him as well!
[laughter]
W-Where am I?
Dan!
D-Drago!
Are you alright?
Yeah but... where the heck are we?
It appears to be some kind of cave,
however, I'm not sure how we got here...
Of course! That's it!
Rapid Saber!
DRAGO: But who was that?
So Drago, you've finally made it here!
[roar]
It's a... Pyrus Tigerra!
Forgive me, but I didn't realize it was you
who was making all that racket back there.
What with all those Gargonoids screeching and all...
So, this is the human I've heard about...
I've never met one before and I must say,
you're not much to look at!
Wait!
How come you're not affected by the Negative Energy?
Bah! I'm too old for that!
Besides, not all Bakugan are affected.
Especially ones who still have half a brain left,
like me!
So, why did you save us?
I suppose it's because I had nothing better to do...
Thanks, and by the way... my name is Dan.
Nice to meet you Dan.
You can call me Nobilion.
It's nice meetin' you too...
Don't let my age fool you, I've still got it!
Impossible!
Nobilion, the wisest of all Bakugan!
The wisest?
And the oldest.
He knows everything there is to know about Vestroia.
I don't know if I'm the wisest,
but I will grant you that I am indeed
the oldest of the Bakugan!
Wise Nobilion, please tell us about this dimension
and what precisely is happening here!
Hmmm...
First of all, Vestroia continues to deteriorate.
And if it isn't stopped immediately,
then the human world will be destroyed as well.
That means we gotta bring down Naga!
What must we do?
To begin with, you witnessed the changes in our world...
And what is happening isn't merely the merging
of Pyrus and Darkus.
Oh no.
Ever since our world and the human world crossed over
into each other, our dimension has begun
to take on their characteristics.
Like the formation of sky and land.
DAN: And my world is changing too!
Like totally freaky winter weather in Hawaii!
And floods in the desert!
In order to stop this chaos,
the Infinity Core and the Silent Core
must be restored to their original positions.
And it must be done quickly.
Then and only then
will balance be restored to Vestroia.
Wavern possesses the Infinity Core
so it remains in good hands.
We just have to retrieve the Silent Core from Naga.
This is our mission, Nobilion.
Hmm, then you must follow me.
I will take you to the Center of the Universe.
That is where Naga is waiting.
But I'll fry! Drago!
I will protect you, Dan.
[\u266a]
I can't believe how much things have changed
in my old world, Nobilion.
Oh not just our world, my dear friend,
but the Bakugan world as well.
Let me explain.
When the different Attributed Dimensions overlapped,
the ecosystem collapsed and new species
of Bakugan that had both Pyrus and Darkus Attributes emerged.
Yeah, that makes sense!
That included Druman and Centorrior.
DRAGO: Then the Bakugan we battled
in the Ventus and Aquos Dimension
and in the Haos and Sub Terra Dimension
were of the same origin.
Yes, they were all created from Negative Energy
which inherently makes them evil creatures!
And their job is to protect Naga!
[laughter]
Go ahead and run, my friends!
It makes it that much more of a sport for us!
NOBILION: These Bakugan are freaks of nature
and should never have been created!
It's sad, but, I suppose in a way,
we are all victims of Naga's selfish motives...
So you think we're just Naga's lackeys, Nobilion?
It's time you learned your lesson, old timer!
Stick around, more Bakugan Battle Brawlers are coming up!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Get out of our way!
Ha ha...
Oh, and who suddenly made you the boss, Dragonoid?
There is only way to get past and that is to battle us.
So if you think you're brave enough,
bring it on, my friends!
Hmph! As you wish, my friends!
Power Change!
I've never backed down from a battle
and I'm not going to start now!
Attack!
Whoa! That was nuts!
Nobilion!
No need to worry, Dan.
I am a Pyrus Attributed Bakugan.
Falling into a seering river of lava
is like taking a warm bath to me!
But just a safety hint...
don't try this at home.
It doesn't work for humans...
trust me on this, kiddo!
Hey...
I wasn't planning on it, big guy...
Don't move!
You just stay close to me, Daniel and I'll protect you!
Thanks, bud!
You're mine, Dragonoid!
This is it!
Hold on tight and stay low!
DAN: Okay...
But you gotta power up, Drago!
Ability Activate!
Fire Judge!
Eclipse Assault!
My power has been immobilized!
Fire Tornado!
He is using his Darkus Attributed Abilities
to shut down my power.
That in turn increases his own!
There's not much I can do!
My dear, dear Nobilion.
You should have used some of your wisdom and turned back.
Why do you insist on defying Naga?
Even you know you cannot win this battle!
Allow me to teach you not to disrespect your elders!
What?
I've been waiting for a Bakugan with a human
to show up in our world!
Hang on, Nobilion!
If the destruction of Vestroia began
when Naga entered the human world,
then the only way to save it,
will be for a Bakugan to make contact with a human being!
Do the math, my friend!
Interesting.
That would mean you are of no use to me!
Be gone!
[scream]
Nobilion, no!
[laughter]
You must hang on, Nobilion!
Can you hear me, Nobilion?
I-I'm getting too weary for the Wonder Revolution, Drago.
The old get up and go just up and left...
Wonder Revolution?
What do you mean?
Listen closely and I'll explain.
When the universe was created, it was peaceful,
without a single battle.
But then, one day, something happened
that changed everything!
The Core split into two...
...and the Attributes that orbited the Core
fractured into six separate worlds.
That was the beginning of the end!
Okay...
was that Vestroia?
Yes.
The Bakugan with different Attributes were no longer able
to survive in each other's Attributed World.
It became survival of the fittest and in that process,
strange and powerful Bakugan were created!
The Bakugan that didn't fit into any of the new worlds
were driven into the voids
between the different dimensions.
And that my friends,
was when Naga was born...
Amazing!
Tell me Naga, what are your Attributes?
You are neither Haos or Ventus.
What combination are you?
We are the Ashen Ones
and we do not belong to any one Attributed World.
The forgotten Bakugan.
So the Wonder Revolution was when the Core Split.
When Naga was born...
When chaos reared its ugly head!
[coughing]
Nobilion! Be still, my friend!
The only hope to restoring peace to the universe
is for Bakugan and humans to battle as one!
To destroy Naga
before he becomes master of all dimensions!
You must hurry, time is not on our side!
Now go!
Go quickly, before it's too late!
Nobilion!
Ah! Here you are!
Thought you could hide from us?
Let's get this over with, shall we?
And I say the sooner the better!
Nobilion said you two freaks are connected
to that creep Naga...
Is that the reason you had to go off and destroy him?
Revenge is mine for what you did to Nobilion!
Let's do this, Drago!
You show 'em!
With pleasure, Daniel!
Okay! Gate Card Open!
Energy Merge!
Huh?
My powers are draining!
I'm getting weaker...
weaker...
That's because your powers
are being transferred to Drago!
'Kay Drago, finish 'em off!
DRAGO: Boosted Ultima!
I'm impressed! Not!
Grand Down!
Somehow he nullified the Command Card!
Your little tricks won't work on me, Dragonoid!
Attack!
Now it's my turn!
Drago!
I've gotta do something quick!
Okay... Take this, ya creep!
Mine Ghost!
Al-right!
N-No way!
How come that move didn't work?
How do they keep nullifying every Gate Card I throw down?
Foolish human!
You cannot defeat us!
Vortex Dark Pyrus!
Stop!
You've gotta stop!
Please! Stop it now!
I'll do anything...
just make it stop...
Get your filthy humans hands...
off of ME!
[screaming]
Dan!
It's over, Dragonoid!
Vortex Dark Flame!
[screaming]
[\u266a]
D... Drago...
D-Dan...
D-Drago...
Dan...
Drago...
I wish that... he was...
still here... with...
with us...
[Dan's voice echoing]
It's Dan!
Lunch is ready, Alice...
Come on...
Ah, be right there...
Everything okay?
If you need to talk, let me know...
Just remember, I'll always be here for you, alright?
Oh thanks...
I appreciate it, Aunt Clara.
Can you give me a second, I'll be in right away.
Okay, hurry because your lunch is getting cold.
I'm positive that was Dan's voice I just heard.
DAN: I wish that... he was...
still here... with... with us...
ALICE: I wonder what he means?
If he in some kind of trouble?
Oh, I wish I were there to help him!
Okay, I have to think positive thoughts!
Dan can take of himself!
I know he can!
Oh, what am I thinking!
Dan's in some kind of trouble!
I just know it!
I can feel it!
My Masquerade Mask!
There was warrior who rode through the night,
to see his young boy upon morning's first light...
He rode swiftly along the wind through his hair,
In hopes that he soon would be there...
How sweet...
Klaus, look...
It's Alice.
Are you leaving us?
I am...
It's my duty as a Battle Brawler to help out Dan.
Good luck Alice...
Good Luck!
Hey, this is Dan
and coming up on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers,
me and Drago have gotta pass
through the last world to get to Naga!
But that's not gonna happen without a fight.
Not only do we have to battle Centorrior and Druman,
but a whole whack of Gargonoids show up to take us on!
And guess who else joins the party?
That's right, Masquerade!
But will it be enough to save the universe?
Only one way to find out!
See you in the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
[laughs] Bakugan Brawl!